README.md, before:

# Mastermind
## Dependencies
Use `install package` in root folder to download dependencies.
1. Python 3.12
2. FastAPI

# Game plan
So configs are done

questions:
1. only mastermind.py should exist
2. functions need to take the difficulty as input to determine what configs to use
5. Mastermind.py
   6. crux of the game
   7. playGame
   8. win
   9. scoring
   9. playagain? game_utils?
   10. leveling? game_utils?


# API
## Endpoints
1. make larger functions into endpoints + then assess
2. getting data on games and users for research/ensuring data persisted

### Database Schema -- SQL
Users table
1. userID
2. username
2. password

player stats
1. userId
2. currentLevel
3. xpToNextLevel
4. currentXp
5. highestScore
6. gamesWon
7. gamesPlayed
8. winRate

Multiplayer tables? How?

Must have tests for endpoints
Must have logs

Frontend stuff I have to do:
- Let user know if they have an invalid password/username combo
- Dynamically display rounds left etc. when entering game (API call returns this data)
- Dynamically display rounds left when continuing game
- Dynamically alert on frontend of insufficient values for guess 

IF I HAVE TIME:
- Pw auth

Commit message:

Game logic in working state
* More game logic and frontend enhancements. Project ready for refinement.

README.md, after:

# Mastermind
## Dependencies
Use `install package` in root folder to download dependencies.
1. Python 3.12
2. FastAPI

# Game plan
So configs are done

questions:
1. only mastermind.py should exist
2. functions need to take the difficulty as input to determine what configs to use
5. Mastermind.py
   6. crux of the game
   7. playGame
   8. win
   9. scoring
   9. playagain? game_utils?
   10. leveling? game_utils?


# API
## Endpoints
1. make larger functions into endpoints + then assess
2. getting data on games and users for research/ensuring data persisted

### Database Schema -- SQL
Users table
1. userID
2. username
2. password

player stats
1. userId
2. currentLevel
3. xpToNextLevel
4. currentXp
5. highestScore
6. gamesWon
7. gamesPlayed
8. winRate

Multiplayer tables? How?

Must have tests for endpoints
Must have logs

Frontend stuff I have to do:
- Let user know if they have an invalid password/username combo
- Dynamically alert on frontend of insufficient values for guess
- Dynamic error messages

Backend stuff:
- Dynamic error messages
- Make sure people cant create same username in backend (case sensitivity)
- What happens if I try to submit a guess after winning? -- just lock the submission on frontend.
- Check for userId on each round.
- Clean logic code
- Adjust what should be async and what shouldnt (db updates yes, otherwise not needed)
- when a user navigates away, or the user exits (add exit button)
  - the data in the player class and mastermind class needs to be reset for a clean slate.
  - update endpoint to reset these...

IF I HAVE TIME:
- Pw auth
